README.md, before:

# iop-5xx

## WEB-240-3241 Responsive Design inside out project iop-5xx
      - Production: https://iop-5xx.donaldallenjr.com/
      - GitHub Pages site: https://donniegene.github.io/iop-5xx/

### Preparing project for development
      - added html5-boilerplate
      - added Google Analytics
      - Pushed and tested.

### Version 1.0.0.0
      Merge branch - Updated Favicons
            - Generated favorite icons package from
                  https://www.favicon-generator.org/
            - Updated title to iop-5xx | Don Allen

### Version 1.0.0.1
      - Updated favicon link element in index.html
      - Added header changes to main.css
      - Added footer

### inside out project 5xx - STEP-500.0 | Branch 500-0
      - Added starter template to begin our project
      - Pulled template from: https://startbootstrap.com/templates/scrolling-nav/
      - Created Assets folder.
      - Inserted css, img, js, & vendor folders into Assets folders
      - Modified the paths in index.html to represent the folder structure changes
      - Copied over the content of the .gitignore file after it was changed by Bootstrap
      - Updated the README file

Commit message:

Added sections, content, and links to begin personalize the template. Updated the README file.

README.md, after:

# iop-5xx

## WEB-240-3241 Responsive Design inside out project iop-5xx
      - Production: https://iop-5xx.donaldallenjr.com/
      - GitHub Pages site: https://donniegene.github.io/iop-5xx/

### Preparing project for development
      - added html5-boilerplate
      - added Google Analytics
      - Pushed and tested.

### Version 1.0.0.0
      - Merge branch - Updated Favicons
            - Generated favorite icons package from
                  https://www.favicon-generator.org/
            - Updated title to iop-5xx | Don Allen

### Version 1.0.0.1
      - Updated favicon link element in index.html
      - Added header changes to main.css
      - Added footer

### inside out project 5xx - STEP-500.0 | Branch 500-0
      - Added starter template to begin our project
      - Pulled template from: https://startbootstrap.com/templates/scrolling-nav/
      - Created Assets folder.
      - Inserted css, img, js, & vendor folders into Assets folders
      - Modified the paths in index.html to represent the folder structure changes
      - Copied over the content of the .gitignore file after it was changed by Bootstrap
      - Updated the README file

### inside out project 5xx - STEP-500.0 | Branch 501-0
      - Changed Title and page-top to reflect site name
      - Changed and added sections to expand menu
      - Added rounded circle placeholder to header
      - Changed generic header text content including h1 and <p>
      - Changed menu to include new sections and changed section headers
